# Find-it
Hackathon Project

The objective is to analyse the pattern of the active and passive digital footprint and tracking the offender’s current location. Converting the raw data into usable and readable formats that have been picked up from the offender’s digital footprints. 1. Finding the pattern in the places where he has been to before. 2. Data collected from passive digital footprints like call records, amazon echo, amazon dot, etc. 3. Converting his medical and psychological data from hospitals to machine-usable formats. 4. Tracking his digital transactions like credit cards, debit cards, etc. 5. Data of people related to the offender and that he has contacted in the recent past. 6. Data collected from his active digital footprints. Finding a pattern in his social media activities like tweets, reviews, comments, etc.

Above data can be used to predict the following possibilities: 1. Suppose, his history shows that he has been to x, y and z places in the past, so based on that we mark these places. This model is based on probability, each area will have probability based on the frequency of past visits and time duration. 2. Patterns are predicted based on the places that have searched on the internet, Google maps, tickets booked, etc. 3. Comments, reviews will be processed by NLP to get any clues of the location, it will save time. Data will be processed to find the name entities like the name of a person, building, hotel, monuments, etc. It will also help to understand the motive of abduction. 4. Places he may visit due to his psychological and medical disorder, suppose city x has a high probability, so specific places in the city like hospital, medical stores, bar, etc. will be marked. Currently, we are planning to make a python API to connect and analyse all the data using several machine learning algorithms. After this campaign is over, we will take it as a major project and will approach police officials in the area to get a better idea of the data and possible implementation.
